What about children?
Is the child okay?
Child is ok
The doctor said you were just with me
I'm sorry I can still keep us
You've done a great job.
I'll find you a place
Let you rest assured
No, it can't be like this.
Although everyone knows I am pregnant
But I don't know that the child is yours.
If I do this
Instead, it will stop their conjecture
Sorry I live my life the way I used to
Take care of them
So they don't dare to do it easily
I'll shoot your bodyguard.
Keep you safe at all times
Seems to be thoroughly in love
Joanne
This ring should have been on your hand 3 years ago
I don't care now.
Hope you like it.
There is news in my country that
Said that Miss Qiao had a miscarriage and was hospitalized
What abortion?
Immediately how many
I'm going home.